RESURRECTION ERTUGRUL
THE STORIES AND CHARACTERS DEPICTED
HERE WERE INSPIRED BY OUR HISTORY
NO ANIMALS WERE HARMED DURING
THE FILMING OF THIS PRODUCTION.
We tried to stop the migration,
we did not succeed.
We tried to kill Shah Suleyman,
Don't mumble,
talk clearly so you can have inner peace.
In the morning you sent that rabid boy
to Shah Suleyman but now we are going...
...to bid him farewell.
I cannot see any logic
in your actions, Bey.
If my mind could only see one step beyond,
my name would be Alpargu as well, my lion.
My name is Kurdoglu because I can
calculate where the arrow will land...
...before it is even set on the bow.
What happened, sister?
It is good news, my sister, good news.
It is good for you to get
on the road with Mother Hayme...
...but you have to obtain
a good result from this journey.
You've been looking after Suleyman since
he fell ill. If you carry on like this...
...during the journey and be
the leading helper of Mother Hayme.
Of course, sister,
you can be rest assured.
My naive sister.
You will impress Mother Hayme so deeply...
...that she will not even think about
a bride other than you. You will remind...
...her that you will be marrying Ertugrul
so that she cannot go back on her word.
What about Ertugrul?
Does Mother Hayme not know
that his heart is with that girl?
A word comes out of the mouth once, Gokce.
It does not suit someone like...
...Mother Hayme to play with the pride
and kill the dreams of an innocent...
...well-intentioned girl like you. If she
forgets it, you shall remind her.
Sister, do you know why I am always
beside the sick bed of our Bey?
You once told me that Ertugrul
would never go against his father's words.
This will be over after our Bey says
that the two of us should get married.
That is why.
I always pray so that Shah Suleyman
can get better soon.
-He should get better and...
-God forbid!
Instead of worthless prayers like that
you should pray that Mother Hayme...
...stand strong in front of Ertugrul.
Do all that is in your power so that
she insists on you to be his bride.
May you find a remedy in the lands
you go to, if God permits.
May you find a remedy so that you can
greet your tribe standing strong...
...in our new lands.
Get really close.
I ask for your blessing, mother.
I bless you, my son.
My father is entrusted to God first,
then to you.
We don't know who is a friend
or enemy anymore.
There are many jackals on the road.
Be careful.
And may you succeed in protecting
your tribe, your wife and your child.
When there is no peace and unity within
the tribe, migration is even harder.
Your job is very difficult, son.
May God help you.
Thank you, mother. Do not worry, from
the babies to goats, all life here...
...is entrusted to me. We shall reach
Aleppo safe and sound, if God permits.
If God permits.
Come on, Alps. In the name of God.
May you flow like water, mother.
May troubles be left behind as you go.
May you be blessed with new weddings
and grandsons in our new lands.
If God permits, my girl. If God permits.
If God permits, we shall hear that
my blood brother has recovered.
May God clear your road for this journey,
Mother Hayme.
-To salvation, Mother Hayme.
-Alps will with be with you, Thank God.
But you should still be cautious.
As you know, the enemy is everywhere.
You do not need to think about us,
Kurdoglu.
Do not forget, Rahman.
You saw it with your own eyes last night.
Snakes do not use doors.
Hold tight.
Halt.
How is she, my Shahzade?
It would be wise to check her wound,
Ertugrul.
Press this over the wound.
We should not stay here for long.
It might be dangerous.
We should leave as soon as possible.
We shall find help in Aleppo.
Alright.
Ertugrul.
Will you be able to bear the pain, Halime?
I can, Ertugrul Bey.
AMANOS MOUNTAINS TEMPLARS CASTLE
Please forgive my daughter
as she is innocent, Dear God.
Your Mercifulness has no limits.
You are The Most Just Revenger...
...You are The Winner.
You are The Most Powerful Revenger.
May You curse the tyrants.
I am not the tyrant here. You know that.
It was you who killed Elanora.
Even if you kill and
bring me back to life 40 times...
...you shall not get
what you want from me.
You were like this as a child as well.
Stubbornness makes you unlovable.
But I know how to break that stubbornness.
I am getting old, Marcus.
What was the name of the Bedouin
we met in Aleppo yesterday?
The famous Muhiddin Ibn Arabi
from Andalucía.
Instead of killing you 40 times, if I kill
him only once, would that break your will?
We both know that you cannot kill him.
You are right. You were stubborn and
clever like this as a child as well.
In order to get my hands on that chest,
I need both of you alive.
But this does not mean that I cannot throw
him in the dungeon opposite yours.
Will you be able to bear seeing him
getting weak day by day?
ALEPPO
Take this as well.
-May it be easy on you, Aykiz.
-Thank you.
How is our Bey?
-He will be better, if God permits.
-If God permits.
Is this your dowry?
The first wedding of
the new camp will be yours.
If God permits,
the second will be mine with Ertugrul.
Gokce, I know that
your heart is with Ertugrul...
...but you know very well
that he sees you as his little sister.
You start dreaming on your own
and start to believe your own dreams...
...you will be heartbroken at the end.
You are wrong, Aykiz.
This is not an illusion.
Shah Suleyman also told Ertugrul.
He told Ertugrul that
we shall get married after the migration.
Come on, get ready! Our journey begins!
Do you think Ertugrul would accept this?
His heart is with Halime.
You need to be blind
if you don't know or see it.
Please do not be so confident about this.
These things rely on fate and fortune.
Of course they do.
The world has so many possibilities.
Look at Turgut and yourself.
You've been sweethearts since childhood...
...but you are still not together.
Don't you forget about this, Aykiz.
On the way to the groom's house, the bride
still says "whatever fate may hold."
You will either talk here and now...
...or I shall feed you to the dogs.
I know that someone helped you
within the palace...
...give me a name...
...save your life.
What is happening to this man?
This is poison!
Where did he find the poison?
-Did anyone enter here apart from you?
-I don't think so.
No one knew he was here.
Even the guards don't know
who they are guarding.
I could not get a single word out of him.
I have to find the spies
who infiltrated the palace.
Esma...
...no one should see this body.
Whoever helped him die will come again
to see whether he died or not.
Efendi...
...with your permission...
...I can take care of the body.
I know how to take him out of here during
change of guard without anyone seeing.
Esma...
...I don't know how to repay my debt.
You saved my life once and
now you are risking your life for me.
It is an honor for me to work for
the vizier who sacrifices everything...
...for the righteous path of God.
You can be rest assured.
With God's permission, the traitor
who did this shall be punished.
Petruccio, my dear friend.
Cardinal.
I am deeply sorry for your loss.
I hope your niece's death was not in vain.
Elanora sacrificed herself for our cause.
Was your niece's sacrifice beneficial?
I don't think so. You are not even
a step closer to the lost chest.
Giovanni is still resisting...
...but he shall give in soon.
I know his soft spot very well.
How can you be so sure
that Giovanni will start talking?
I can tell our common friends in Aleppo.
-With your brother?
-No. Giovanni is not my brother anymore.
He chose to betray our cause.
And he is paying the price of this choice.
Petruccio, Petruccio,
not only the traitors...
...those who cannot succeed
in their duties also pay a price.
If you want me to persuade
our Holy Father for the Crusades...
...you have to take back the holy relics
Muslims stole from us.
I shall remind you of this everyday
until I return to Europe...
...my dear friend Petruccio.
-What is it, Marcus?
-Titus has returned to the castle, sir.
Get your hands off me!
Let go!
Well done!
You went with 30 knights and
returned with two Turkmen, dear Titus.
Big job, big success.
This child is not
an ordinary Turkmen, Cardinal.
He is a Seljuk Shahzade.
Isn't he one of the Shahzades
you let escape last time?
Well, who is this?
Your death!
Well done, Titus. You are
quite brave against a wounded lion...
...but when you encounter lions in the
forest, who'll look for a hole to hide?
I am going to Antioch.
I have some business to attend to.
I shall take back my guest when I get
back. Look after him well while I am gone.
May you have a good journey, dear Thomas.
Take our guest to his palace.
Take him to the palace as well.
This presumptuous Turkmen
shall beg for me to kill him.
First we shall visit a friend.
He will look after Halime and...
...we will receive his blessing.
-Alright.
Be strong, my girl. We are almost there.
You cowards! Why don't you untie me?
Are you afraid?
Do we treat your prisoners like this?
-Are you fine?
-Save your breath, young man.
They won't hear you here.
They won't understand your troubles.
Here, only God will hear you.
Who are you?
I warned you many times!
I told you that your personal revenge
should not overshadow your tasks!
But you went after that Turk anyway.
I lost 30 knights
because of your incompetence.
Forgive me, sir.
Didn't you see how
the cardinal was teasing us?
You humiliated me and
all the Templar Knights.
Never...
...ever ask me to forgive you once again.
I understand, sir.
-But...
-But what, Titus?
Ertugrul was going to Aleppo.
I thought you might want to know this.
He must be going to Aziz's palace
as an envoy of the Kayis.
I shall give you once last chance, Titus.
What is it you want me to do, sir?
Go to Aleppo immediately.
Talk with Nasir and finish this job.
Then clean your own mess.
I understand, sir.
First complete your tasks
for the Son of God, Titus.
Then, Ertugrul is yours.
You can do whatever you wish.
-Thank God you are here.
-Thank God we meet again.
Where were you, Bey?
We were worried when you did not show up.
Where is Turgut Alp?
-Father, where is Yigit? He is not here.
-Keep calm, keep calm, my girl.
I will call the doctor and
meet you in the lodge.
May the Son of God greet our dead brother
in His kingdom up in heaven.
Will his death make our job easier?
Aziz is really confused
about Sahabettin at the moment.
When the assassin is found dead
after accusing Sahabettin...
...this will confuse him even more.
The rest is up to you.
You must feed fears
and suspicions within Aziz.
I will be a guest of
the emir tonight as well.
In the sweetest moment of our night
I shall whisper Ustad's words in his ear.
He will be my slave from now on.
Eftalya.
Don't get carried away
while doing your job.
I am Esma to El Aziz and
Eftalya to you and your Templar Knights.
I'm only doing my job.
Shall I take the tray
if you won't eat, Efendi?
Father?
Yigit still has not arrived, father.
Father, Yigit has not arrived.
May God help and be with us.
Dear God,
please don't leave us in despair.
Amen. She shall recover.
May God bestow a speedy recovery upon her.
Hanim, how is our guest?
The doctor said that she should regain
consciousness by the morning, God willing.
We should go to the hall.
Our sheikh would like to see you.
Is Ibn Arabi here?
You can go, Ertugrul. I will wait here.
What is this outrage?
How can you come in without permission?
Kurdoglu, people are entering the marquee
not by the door but from the back...
...and you still request permission.
Get to the point, Gundogdu.
Say what you have to say.
I will not say anything to you until
my father opens his eyes, Kurdoglu.
But when he opens his eyes,
not even the candles...
...even if all the stars in heaven go out,
no one can take you away from me.
In the mean time...
...a bow and arrow are good.
You don't need to get face to face
like you do with a sword or a dagger.
Welcome, son.
You are always welcome here.
I am joyous I saw you.
May she recover soon. Our master's
grandson told us what happened.
Efendi, when I first came to Aleppo,
the Templar Knights wanted to kill me...
...but we were saved with your help.
I saw you in my dream.
Help is from God, don't ever forget
that He is the source of all favors...
...and don't ever tell
your brothers your dreams.
His highness Joseph also had a dream.
He told it to his father
for him to interpret it.
What was Prophet Jacob's
first reply to him?
Do not tell your brothers your dreams.
Do not forget...
...if you don't keep one secret, the Owner
of Secrets will not give you another one.
I understand.
Look, our guest is here.
He has secrets,
he respects the Owner of Secrets.
May God keep his blessing over us.
It was Sultan Geylani's statement:
"Birds fly with their own kind.
Eagles with eagles, crows with crows."
Our job was to bring the eagles together.
Thank God.
You are entrusted first in God,
then with each other.
You can discuss everything together.
What do the Templars want from you?
Brother Dogan?
Yes, my brother?
Do you think Alp Turgut and
Yigit will be here in the morning?
I do not know, Brother Bamsi.
We fended off so many troubles
while we were together.
The Mongols and Crusaders...
...wolves and bears...
...snow and winter did not stop us.
So those knights would have...
I do not know, Brother Bamsi.
My tongue cannot say
what is in my heart...
...my heart cannot accept
what my tongue might say.
Where is this Bey Afsin? He said he would
be back by nightfall but he is not.
I do not know that either, Brother Bamsi.
We do not know anything about him.
May God bless us with a good ending.
Is it true that there is
a black death plague in the Kayi tribe?
Plague?
I was surprised when I heard it as well.
But our commander Nasir said that
he got such an intelligence.
There was no plague when I left the tribe.
But we caught someone who was trying
to contaminate the tribe's food...
...with plagued meat.
She said that the Templars had ordered it.
Are they under every stone we turn?
If the news of a plague
in our tribe reached Aleppo before me...
...it means that
the Templars are behind it.
How much do you trust
this commander called Nasir?
I do not trust anyone
in the palace anymore, Ertugrul.
When I was just about to catch
the man who tried to kill me...
Stop, don't!
Nasir killed him for no reason at all.
That man did not die.
I questioned him when he recovered.
But yesterday,
he killed himself right before my eyes.
What do you plan to do?
First thing tomorrow
I will tell El Aziz about Nasir.
My nephew will not turn
a deaf ear to my warnings this time.
Do not touch her.
Do not touch and move away.
Midwife, what is happening?
For the love of God please help her.
Translation: Sublime Translation Services